Tim d produces high technology products
particularly focused on the aerospace
industries around our core competencies
of RF and high voltage design so
reproduce RF amplifiers high voltage
power supplies mainly Pharaoh space and
military customers Tim DS a
predominantly export focused company we
sell over ninety percent of our
equipment on the export market main
markets of the US and asia tim d has a
desire to move to become a lot more
tightly integrated business and that's
through from customer requirements all
the way through the design engineering
and manufacturing process tmd prides
itself on being a market leader in a
product development we need to be right
at the edge of technology in terms of
the tools that we apply to those
processes teamcenter has enabled us to
produce what we consider a 21st century
design process what teamcenter gives us
is a digital integration across all of
the disciplines within design
engineering manufacturing production
engineering supplier and customer
support what team center provides is is
a single place for us to be able to find
that information and to transmit it to
our suppliers and our customers and our
team in the factory we can do those
things much more efficiently because of
our digital end-to-end process our aim
is to produce world-leading products and
in order to do that we need the best
tools available and an in n X and Teen
Center we believe we found that we have
a joined-up data stream we're able to
more quickly respond to requests for
concepts from potential customers and we
can join up our engineering activities
be it from a design point of view or an
analysis point of view the acquisition
of NX and team center we see as part of
our ability to provide our customers
with the very best technology with
production readiness reviews and
development reviews what we do with our
customer they can see how we use this
very sophisticated technology to design
a good product but we'll survive in the
harsh environments of these products go
into and they can see the benefit of the
speed of development using this sort of
technology in new product design anybody
that does new product design will know
that it's a difficult process and it can
be very challenging when the
specifications are pretty much on the
leading edge of technology and it's
important that you understand the
reverberations of the changes you make
the central repository everyone within
the organization knows where to go for
the data and information is quickly
accessible and interrogated teamcenter
has been fundamental in us improving the
design dialogue with our suppliers we've
been able to collaborate with them with
the actual product on the screens
particularly in a 3d way and with a
chassis manufacturer that's quite
fundamental they need to be able to
picture in their minds what it is we're
trying to achieve and by doing that it's
enabled us to have the faster dark
design dialogue and actually get a
chassis build right first time team
engineering we've worked with right from
the start the amount of energy and the
amount of expertise that they had that
they were able to give us was was simply
fantastic
in today's competitive world being
faster to market and being able to
respond more quickly is so important
where price conscious where quality
conscious where delivery performance
conscious in team center thanks to the
digital integration that provides
enables us to be able to be better or
all of those things enabling us to be
competitive in that market
you